bizarre Amazon products that actually
work starting with the umbrella hat my
face is still bone dry and I have two
hands free and no shame at all then
we've got the mob slippers wow they're
just inflated they go around your feet
or your socks so let's say there is a
sudden spillage on the floor is this
going to work all instincts tell me not
to put my foot in this but pretty cool
my feet still feel dry somehow the
recycling bin mug looks well like
absolute garbage but apparently does
have a useful purpose when you have your
hot drink in there this lid allows it to
stay hot not a rubbish idea the bug ass
salt is a gun that fires out salt to get
rid of flies so let's say there's a fly
over there you reload oh you push the
safety catch and then 3 2 1 kind of
works I have some doubts about the
toilet piano mat so I think this turns
it on oh my God it's so
loud and I guess it could be useful if
you wanted to use it to let people know
the toilet is occupied